Nimms Iochand Backstory

As a young Gnome, Nimms Iochand was known to his family and community as intelligent, dedicated and zealously protective of his friends but with little in the ways of tact or proportion. In his early 30s and 40s, Nimms would go rapidly between taking a beating for a bullied friend to "allegedly" burning down the house of the bullies with homemade alchemical fire or accidentally insulting a human or orc and starting a brawl. 
It was only with the steadfast help of his familial unit and the other Gnomes in [hometown] that Nimms was brought back from the chaotic brink and began to buckle down, dedicating himself fully to the Cliff Gnomish tenets of consummate study and Artificiery(though he continued to study his "ungnomish" hobby of political science). For several years Nimms kept himself out of trouble: still standing up for his friends and family, but no longer irrationally violent and vengeful. The dedication, kindness and support of his fellow Gnomes led to a period of growth and peace Nimms was not accustomed to. Nimms was happy.
The good time would not last, and, burdened by the stress of entrance exams and a city turning on the wealthier but politically weaker Gnomes, Nimms' rope began to fray. After the end of his first set of entrance exams, his family rented out a ballroom and hosted a party. Nimms was grateful for the appreciation and did his best to unwind. He semi-successfully did so until a belligerently drunk band of humans and half orcs almost bashed down the doors of the place trying to get in. The drunkards, as tradition, demanded more booze. The Iochand family, ever the peaceful bunch, was prepared to hand them a cask of their homemade liquor("Iochand Smooth"), despite Nimms' protests. Nimms' Father, Norbit, brought the humans the drink. The drunken band snatched the cask and began to pound the exquisite liquor, and thanks to the differences in size, killed it between them in minutes and demanded more, and delivered Norbit a smack when he didn't immediately grab it. Nimms could wait no more, and demanded their leave. The band declined.
Nimms(and some of his less savory friends from his wilder days) leveraged their size and relative sobriety and initially outfought the thugs before some savage, alcohol fuelled blows put Nimms and his buddies on the ground. In the carnage, someone's boot dagger had fallen on the floor. Nimms, seeing nothing but red, grabbed it and rammed it into the neck of the lead human.
The human bled to death before any healers could arrive, and the rest of the thugs fled.
Nimms spent twelve years in jail for manslaughter after his family and friends testified of his provocation and character. During this time, Nimms continued to study, his family delivering books and bribes to the prison guards. Nimms also branched out, meeting influential people in jail. A halfling anarchist convicted of bombing a human supremacist meeting, death toll: nine.  An ancient, sagelike elf convicted to life in prison seven hundred years ago on the vague charge of blasphemy, against a religion no longer practiced on the Material plane. A human prince, thrown in jail and forgotten about for the political crime of having a lowborn mother. And most importantly, Gnomes, far removed from the support and academic tradition of gnomish community. These gnomes, part of a gang called, "The Small Struggle", clarified and intensified Nimms hatred of the people that had marginalized his community. 
When Nimms got out on parole after eight years, Nimms had changed. Still dedicated, protective and intelligent, he was now bitter, convinced that peace and security for gnomes was not accomplishable by peaceful means. Nimms Iochand built his first set of armor four days after he left the joint, and after bidding a tearful farewell to his family and community, he set out to find a New Home for Gnomes. 


Name breakdown

Full name: Nimms Norbitson af Oddcodd af Giberd Sharpmind Paddlecarver Jay Iochand
Nimms - first name
Norbitson(paternal)
af Oddcodd(maternal grandfather)
af Giberd(maternal grandmother)
Sharpmind(achieved the rank of combat artificier)
Paddlecarver(traditional Iochand middle name)
Jay(deceased friend from childhood)

Nicknames: 
Hound(hates cats, smells well- grandparents)
Fire Chef(Made alchemical fire as a child- sketchy friends)
Forehead(stood on a chair and headbutted a guy so hard he vomited - sketchy friends)
Lettercarver(tested out gnome-runic inscriptions in artificiery- dwarf friend at school)
Green Apple(likes all but sour apples- gnome community)
Stitch(can sew- prison nickname)
Scribe(stabbed a guy in the eyball with a pencil(provoked of course))
Shrink(because he's small and learned psychology from elf -prison elf)
Readandred/Redandread(after he put his book down to beat a guy up, then started reading again with blood still on him- prison)
