one month on island
Dec 1. Ming's last sighting at
Dec 2. ming declared missing at 6am, body found, 7am
Dec 5. Meet group. water boy is prissy, bounty hunter scary
Dec 6. found letter, learned about the illness, king also learned and got mad at us. got outvoted and are heading north. 
Dec 7. arrived in water tribe, saw the waterbender tell the king something important, likely king's death. Found the spirit portal for later. Accused miro of telling the chief, he hesistated when he said no, but he's angry at me so it was hard to tell. Oops. Surveiling the portal. Pussied out on going down there. Zanji'd be pissed if i did. 
Dec 8. Zanji sends for us, tells us that he heard Ming screaming in the spirit world around his death. 



Jun - household minister. seems to be running things. knew everything
Sang - New King. Seems fine. Out of his depth and anxious. Younger brother. 
Chiyo - doctor, doesn't actually do anything for him. got emotional when accused. any pressure points? could be blackmailed/bribed to poison BROTHER. worked in the fire palace previously. sleeper?..  knew of the illness, refused to talk
Water chief - miro is loyal to him, but he seems reasonable as far as rulers go. 
Yuna - seems quiet. The detective and bounty hunter are weird around her. 
Chaksa - brusque and aggressive  
Tarus - very childlike           
Chaksa and Tarus - good friends with Miro, knew about the death. 

ZJ- sent a message to sang to meet. I wrote a message to get him to meet and we're gonna wing it. 

Questoisn:
	why was ming on Kyoshi Island? What was his illness? How do we get into the catacombs?
	Did Miro tell the chief? Did I convince myself he was suspicious because of his mixed loyalties, or because he's a noble?
	We need to grill Zanji about the spirit world. 
	
	Does song have the illness too?

Goal for session 2: 
	I need to talk to Zanji. This is clearly a spiritual matter, not a corporeal one, and as such it is our responsibility, as well as Yang Chen's. I've located the spirit portal so if things are dire I'll be able to take matters into my own hands. May the spirits save me.