Skarama Nicole Backstory

You are an Airbender from the Southern Air Temple. Growing up, you were friends with a fellow Airbender named ZanJi. ZanJi was a serious, stoic, and hardworking child, and stuck out amongst the more lighthearted and fun loving Airbenders in the temple. When ZanJi turned sixteen, the Council of Elders told him that he was the reincarnation of the Avatar. Not long after, having already mastered airbending, he was sent to the Northern Water Tribe to learn from a Waterbending Master that you heard was a prodigy around your age. 
It has been three months since ZanJi left, and you are now studying with the Kiyoshi Warriors on Kiyoshi Island. Every year the Kiyoshi Warriors host benders and non benders alike from all nations, teaching a mixture of spiritual and martial arts across a period of six months. You had only been on the island for three weeks when you and four of your friends came across the dead body of a tall, muscular man of about 24 years old lying on a hill near the coast of the Island. One of your friends from the Earth Kingdom distressingly informs you and your group that this man was Ming, the young Earth King of Ba Sing Se.
After informing the Kiyoshi Warriors of the Earth King's body, a delegation set off to bring him back to Ba Sing Se. You waited three days, the ceremonial mourning period, before you and your friends also left for Ba Sing Se to give your statements. 

Characters you know:
ZanJi: Your fellow Southern Air Temple friend and the Avatar. He doesn’t have much of a sense of humor, and is quite stoical, but nevertheless he is the type to always do the right thing and stick to his morals. He has a flawless reputation for following the rules, and beloved by all of his Airbending teachers. Although he may be introverted, and sometimes brutally honest, you know him to rarely be intentionally rude. His directness stems more from his pragmatism, rather than from any sense of superiority. Knowing him your whole life, you consider him a close friend and enjoy his company. He left three months ago to learn water bending in the Northern Water Tribe. 
YangChen: The older brother of ZanJi. YangChen is much more gentle and amiable than ZanJi. He loves to travel, and makes frequent trips to other nations. When he was younger, he spent two years travelling across the four nations, and made many friends along the way that he still visits today. You’ve heard of his friendship with Ming, the Earth King, and how they met sometime during his two years travelling. Ming has never come to your Air Temple, but YangChen visits him often in Ba Sing Se. He is a strong airbender, but a strict pacifist. Rarely even sparring with others, YangChen rather practices individually or uses his Airbending in practical ways.
	Zach Note: give yangchen condolences, the two of you were close